# Heart-Rate-Anomolies

             
                                   


Telemedicine as a remote clinical service for diagnosis and medical monitoring is a fast-growing public health section. Especially, the COVID-19 pandemic moved it into focus. For all emerging issues in a telehealth session, the face of the patient is an essential source of information about well-being as this is most visible for the health professional. Therefore, it would be beneficial to determine the patient’s condition directly from the face. Heart rate (HR) is a basic parameter of cardiovascular activity. Visual HR estimation, i.e., HR estimation from a video sequence or direct feed from a camera, recently received a lot of attention. Compared to the contact methods, visual HR methods deliver precise readings using cheap measuring devices (such as web cameras). This is particularly important for patients with acute skin conditions. Heart rate is a significant indicator of the functional and psycho-emotional status of humans. Remote photoplethysmography is useful in situations where conventional approaches to heart rate estimation like an electrocardiogram and photoplethysmography require physical contact with the subject is unfeasible. Acquiring the rPPG signal is useful for estimating physiological signals such as heart rate (HR) and heart rate variation (HRV), which are important parameters for remote healthcare. With the development of the computer vision algorithm, remote heart rate measurement using remote photoplethysmography (rPPG) was proposed. Remote photoplethysmography (rPPG) monitors heart rate without physical contact, allowing for many applications. The deep learning rPPG has outperformed traditional approaches in a controlled context.
